New parameter for information barriers (#5757)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: sharepoint/sharepoint-ps/sharepoint-online/Get-SPOSite.md

This example gets quota details for a Group Site.

### -----------------------EXAMPLE 6-----------------------------

```powershell

> Get-SPOSite -Identity [https://contoso.sharepoint.com/sites/research] | Select InformationSegment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get-SPOSite -Identity https://contoso.sharepoint.com/sites/research | Select InformationSegment
```

Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### InformationSegment
This parameter displays the segments associated with a site. 

> It is applicable for tenants who have enabled M365 Information barriers capability. Please read (https://<kaarin to provide the link ) documentation to understand Information barriers with SharePoint Online.

Reviewer: _Please read_ url link is missing

> It is applicable for tenants who have enabled M365 Information barriers capability. Please read (https://<kaarin to provide the link ) documentation to understand Information barriers with SharePoint Online.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is applicable for tenants who have enabled Microsoft 365 Information barriers capability. Please read (https://<kaarin to provide the link ) documentation to understand Information barriers with SharePoint Online.
```
